a now welcome back program on trainers
this is your friendly neighborhood
bulldoze and today we're going to be
cracking open 11 booster packs of the
brand new set plasma blast let's see
what we get out of these things these
are 11 completely random tax I have no
idea they're from the same box or
anything like that we're just going to
see what we get out of these things
every pack has one of these code cards
which unlocks one booster pack on the
Pokemon Trading Card Game online start
off with X you drew digan Oregon
shellman galettes octillery Ultra Ball
Abomasnow reverse holo root fossil and
holographic mesprit move on for our
second booster pack now the reason i got
these early is because i went to the pre
releases which are just fun little
tournaments to take place before the
release of each set we got us a drift
loom kangaskhan the row Munna shelnutt
full relicanth Caitlin cover fossil
reverse holo to ocean and a drifblim and
now for thursday's for back come on no
lot more difficult to open than some of
the fam pass 1 and this really weird
okay we gotta support gun teddiursa
sylosis pound or flappers Glalie layron
catcher reverse holo doclet and prettily
and now move on to our next week's
tirpak talk I don't care yeah we you
guys don't mind being nerd i don't mind
listen when you talk got us a Snover
stuck 'let porygon snorunt Fagin chatot
uh energy retrieval rare candy reverse
holo rare candy and hello George eex
that's pretty darn cool and on to the
next one
shiny sandy yes it always matters
because squirtle an errand found or Tara
blast remoraid plasma energy fracture
tert orga reverse holo dynamo and okay
why not for dialga yaks there's
something certainly a something right
there in it Oh Patrick yes your let's
see here we got us a sock by the way
kick of righteousness awesome attack
trip food ah bacon XO drew digan Glalie
fracture Ultra Ball reverse holo throw
and reuniclus I'm not every pack can
have any accent it can it I wish I wish
oh cool something some felt interesting
back there is adequate surskit shelnutt
porygon Munna good relic end Wartortle
oh that's a machoke reverse holo is
gavel here and we officially ruined
these 11 attacks I told you I felt
something interesting this is my Jenna
sexy yes I like those wanna walk is an
errand snorunt Snover way Lapras porygon
Ursaring root fossil iris reverse model
Aaron and sugar
because why not don't you have all of
them those would be the next video oh my
god goddess another cold card why have
been released yet why don't you begin
strudel teddiursa Erin houndour total
juniper because we're very hollow found
yours and sweet there's gonna be a move
three in the new game chatham you three
what is it comes mega Mewtwo we start
off with remoraid duck 'let's surskit
larvae stuff Munna reversal trigger
mushara silver bangles reverse holo
plume and ask a blur they're exactly is
going to get it right lady call it
snorunt X you watch op plasma energy
show Emma Palmyra's reverse holo
froslass and a YouTube sugar and focuses
on Jordan parkia you know have 11
contacts I'd say this is a pretty decent
set don't you that was widely pergamon
ex2 of them forts two of them really
really good cards not to mention a
five-dollar candy I think I one needs
tax to or two that I want to thank you
mr. option we'll see you next time